Add ESLint configuration (#1)
typescord/beauty: README.md

> # ESLint plugin Typescord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Typescord ESLint config
```

> > ESLint plugin for Typescord projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ESLint config for Typescord projects
```

This repository contains the ESLint configuration used by the core packages of Typescord but also for Typescord projects.

## Installation

> [ESLint](http://eslint.org) is required to use this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ESLint](http://eslint.org) is required to use this config.
```

```

> $ npm i eslint eslint-plugin-typescord --save-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npm i eslint @typescord/eslint-config --save-dev
```

// or with Yarn :

> $ yarn add eslint eslint-plugin-typescord -D

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ yarn add eslint @typescord/eslint-config -D
```

```

> **Warning:** If you already installed ESLint globally, you must also install `eslint-plugin-typescord` globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** If you already installed ESLint globally, you must also install `@typescord/eslint-config` globally.
```

## Usage

> Add `typescord` to the plugins section of your `.eslintrc` or `.eslintrc.yml` configuration file. You can omit the `eslint-plugin-` prefix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `@typescord` to the config section of your `eslintrc` configuration file :
```

## Usage

`@typescord` must be extended when creating packages for Typescord.

JSON format:

```json
{
  "extends": ["@typescord"]
}
```

YAML format:

```yaml

> extends:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extends: ["@typescord"]
```

Author: The hyphen in YAML also refers to a list

Reviewer: Yes, i know, but this is more lisible since it's the only element.

>   - "@typescord"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     "plugin:typescord/package"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "@typescord"
```

>   - plugin:typescord/package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - "@typescord"
```
